Service worker README update (#460)
IBM/pwa-lit-template: README.md

}
```

> ## Service worker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Service worker
```

Move inside the Guides.

> This project supports service worker but it is disable by default. To enable it you just need to configure the variable `GENERATE_SERVICE_WORKER` in the rollup configuration file: `rollup.config.js`. The variable has the **false** value, but you can change it and enable the service worker introduction in the build step. Furthermore you can change the default service worker configuration too modifying the variable `workboxConfig` in that same file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project has configured the generation and injection of a service worker in the build process. But it is disabled by default. To enable it you just need to change the variable `GENERATE_SERVICE_WORKER` in the `rollup.config.js` to `true`.

Also you can change the Workbox configuration too modifying the variable `workboxConfig` in that same file.
```

A proposal for simplification!
